Your eyes open. Somehow, you already know that you are in an elevator in Beijing on a dark and stormy night. You know this because the elevator doors have a sign that says, "Welcome to Beijing!" in faded letters. Someone has graffiti'd one of those unintelligible scrawls that resemble a signature over it. The sound of thunder and rain can also be heard against the elevator shaft. You wonder for a moment why there seems to be no building around the elevator shaft, but you abandon the thought upon realizing there are people in the elevator with you. They are dressed for work and all Chinese. Unfortunately, you do not know Mandarin.

A. Flail your arms and shout gibberish in an attempt to communicate.
B. Press the ELEVATOR STOP button.
C. Check your phone.
D. Wait.

A. None of the other people in the elevator appear to notice your actions. They stand there with the thousand yard stare of the proletariat, briefcases in hand and headphones in ears. After several seconds of stillness from within, the elevator pings and there is a sudden, distinct lack of momentum. The elevator floor display shows "8".

E. Press the DOOR OPEN button.
F. Press the DOOR CLOSE button.
G. Wait.

B. The elevator stops with a sudden, distinct lack of momentum. Then, there is a sudden, distinct presence of momentum. In the opposite direction. You realize that inertia had been the only thing keeping the elevator moving upward, and that the force of gravity is now taking over. None of the other people in the elevator appear to notice. They stand there with the thousand yard stare of the proletariat, briefcases in hand and headphones in ears. There seems to be an inevitable conclusion of death.

H. Press random buttons on the elevator.
I. Wait.

C. Your phone displays the date. It is Tuesday, May 18. Then, you remember that's the sticker you put on the front of your phone. D'oh. Your phone refuses to turn on, since the battery has been removed. You have no other last resort to divert your attention toward. Your eyes naturally track downward to your feet. Suddenly, you notice an iPhone battery lying there.

J. Pick it up.
K. Jump on it.
L. Wait.

D. After several seconds of non-motion, the elevator pings and there is a sudden, distinct lack of momentum. The elevator floor display shows "13". Just kidding, that's a "B". The doors open into what feels like a large, open space filled with blackness. A slight, warm breeze with a hint of salt blows into the elevator. It reminds you of the sea.

M. Leave the elevator.
N. Wait.

E. The doors open for a split second, exposing you to the full force of the Sun's radiation. Somehow, the elevator has stopped 15 meters from the surface of the star. You don't even have time to ponder how this is physically possible before you perish.

GAME OVER.

F. The doors close. Wait, they're already closed. Somehow, they give off an optical illusion or something of closing despite being closed. The other people walk through the elevator doors in single file. Wasn't that closed just a moment ago? You should stop blinking so often. Through the doors, you can see a completely white space filled with cubicles seemingly placed at random. Smooth jazz starts playing in the elevator.

O. Examine source of sound.
P. Exit elevator.
Q. Wait.

G. Nothing happens. For the next 48 hours. You and the other people, who have never acknowledged your existence, are lying on the floor. You are severely dehydrated and starved. For the past couple of hours, you have been experiencing hallucinations of varying degree involving topics from the mundane (like your breakfast from a week ago talking to you) to the worldy, supernatural, and cliche (such as your dead mother, even though she is actually alive).

R. Wait.
S. Wait.

H. You go ham on the elevator button panel. Eventually, you get all of them to light up. The elevator starts playing some sort of EDM and the lights of the button panel begin flashing in sync with it. You look down and notice the floor of the elevator has transformed into a DDR dancepad with 4 directional buttons.

T. Drop some sick moves.
U. Curse your lack of physical fitness and fail at dancing.
V. Wait.

I. You burn up upon atmospheric reentry. Your remains end up in the Pacific, off the coast of Japan.

GAME OVER

J. You pick up the iPhone battery. It appears to be a AAA battery painted crudely to look like an iPhone. The dimensions don't quite fit, which is exactly why it appears to be crudely painted.

W. Attempt to jam it into your phone.
X. Read the fine print you can see on the back of the battery.
Y. Wait.

K. You JUMP ON IT! JUMP ON IT! JUMP ON IT! The battery begins hissing, as if it is leaking gas. Then, it bursts into flames and explodes. Your legs are severely burned. Strangely, you feel no pain, most likely because you have gone into shock.

Z. Die.

L. * * * SAME AS G * * *

M. For some reason, you find yourself on a beach. There are no other people. You look around and see a lone beach chair with an umbrella next to it.

A2. Start tanning on the chair.
B2. Start tanning on the sand.
C2. Wait.

N. The gates of heaven close after several minutes. The elevator suddenly begins descending at a rapid pace. There is a sinking feeling in your stomach, primarily because you are now in free-fall. You burn up upon atmospheric reentry. Your remains end up in the Pacific, off the coast of Japan.

GAME OVER

O. There are no visible (or otherwise detectable) sources of sound in the elevator besides yourself. As you examine the elevator, the doors close. The smooth jazz fades away.

D2. Request a song from the elevator.
E2. Randomly press buttons.
F2. Wait.

P. You are immediately greeted by one of those intern-types. You know, the ones who you see running around the office doing trivial, pointless tasks. He pulls you to a desk, which surprisingly already has a sticker with your name plastered on it. You pick up the stapler on the desk, and see it also has your name stickered onto it. A packet of paper is lying in the center of the desk. The cover reads, "WORKING IN HELL: INSTRUCTION MANUAL".

G2. Go back to the elevator.
H2. Spend the rest of eternity at a desk job.
I2. Wait.

Q. The gates of hell close after several minutes. The elevator suddenly begins descending at a rapid pace. There is a sinking feeling in your stomach, primarily because you are now in free-fall. You burn up upon atmospheric reentry. Your remains end up in the Pacific, off the coast of Japan.

GAME OVER

R. You die of dehydration.

GAME OVER

S. * * * See R * * *

T. Falling back on your years of professional DDR experience from playing in arcades, you mash out the steps to Pluto the First perfectly. Unfortunately, your moves were so hot the elevator caught fire. Flames are coming in from outside the doors, and the air around you is getting uncomfortably hot.

J2. Take off your clothes due to the increasing heat.
K2. Press the ELEVATOR STOP button.
L2. Wait.

U. You pathetically attempt to dance to the beat, but your lack of musical talent prevails. The elevator begins to move upwards again after you fall to the ground in a tired heap.

M2. Rest.
N2. Wait.

V. The dance floor and music abruptly disappear. This also means the elevator floor disappears. There is a brief, comedic moment of Wil-E-Coyote-esque hovering, then you fall to your death.

GAME OVER

W. It doesn't fit. What kind of phone would use a AAA battery these days? You mentally smack yourself for being this dumb.

* * * REDIRECT DECISIONS FOR W TO LINK TO X AND Y * * *
O2. Read the fine print you can see on the back of the battery.
P2. Wait.

X. There are only two numbers: "1" and "3", in that order. You glance at the now-tempting elevator button panel.

Q2. Press 1, then 3.
R2. Press 13.
S2. Wait.

Y. * * * SAME AS G * * *

Z. You die.

GAME OVER

A2. 